Test Case - General 1:
Description: Check that every page has an appropriate page title.
Expected Result: Every page will have a proper window/tab name reflecting what it is.
Actual Result: All but the budget page had a proper name, which merely reflected the site.
Pass/Fail: Pass


Test Case - Login 1:
Description: Check if users can sign up with incomplete/invalid information.
Expected Result: Users will be able to sign up if they fail to provide a name, email, or retyped password.
Actual Result: Worked as expected.
Pass/Fail: Pass

Test Case - Login 2:
Description: Check if users can not sign up with incomplete/invalid information.
Expected Result: Users will be unable to sign up if they fail to provide a name, email, or retyped password.
Actual Result: Error message was displayed on page. Signup did not go through.
Pass/Fail: Pass

Test Case - Login 3: 
Description: Check to see if users can login with valid information.
Expected Result: Users should not be able to login with credentials after registering them.
Actual Result: Worked as expected.
Pass/Fail: Pass

Test Case - Login 4: 
Description: Check to see if users can not login with invalid information.
Expected Result: Users should not be able to login with credentials that are not in the database.
Actual Result: Error message was displayed on page. Login did not go through.
Pass/Fail: Pass

Test Case - Login 5:
Description: Check to see if users can not access site pages without logging in.
Expected Result: User should not reach the desired page.
Actual Result: Was redirected to login page on attempts.
Pass/Fail: Pass


Test Case - Seating 1:
Description: Check to see if seating chart generator's input fields disallow invalid data.
Expected Result: Letters, symbols, and numbers below 1 should not be permitted in the numerical entry field.
Actual Result: Mostly as expected. 0 is permitted to be entered but will not generate a result, with appropriate error message.
Pass/Fail: Pass

Test Case - Seating 2:
Description: Check to see if seating chart generator functions properly for all valid input data.
Expected Result: For all allowed, legitimate values (1 to 25), the seating chart generator should function.
Actual Result: As expected.
Pass/Fail: Pass

Test Case - Seating 3:
Description: Check to see how seating chart generator functions without any RSVP'd guests.
Expected Result: Should not generate any tables, but also should not crash the server.
Actual Result: As expected.
Pass/Fail: Pass


Test Case - Timeline 1:
Description: Check to see if the checkmark functionality is working.
Expected Result: Should be able to check off timeline items to indicate that they're finished.
Actual Result: Can check off timeline items, but they aren't saved anywhere.
Pass/Fail: Fail
